How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Viewing the diff helped me see the bug because it allowed a line by line comparison. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Having easy access to the entire history of a file will make me a more efficient programmer in the long term 
because I'll be able to review previous codes and try different changes without loosing a particular version. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs. having versions automatically saved like Google Docs does?
The good thing about manually choosing when to create a commit is that your direct control over when to create a commit.
The bad thing about mannually choosing when to create a commit is the chance you may forget to commit or make several 
changes before doing a commit when a commit should have been created after each change. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow savings multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
I am not sure why different version control systems treat file savings differently.  I suspect the different 
version control systems had different audiences and primary uses in mind when they determined whether to have 
their systems save multiples files in one commit or individual files in one commit. 

How can you use commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
You can use git log to get a listing of the previous commits and the short description of the changes in each.  
You can use git diff to view the differences between the vairous versions of the files. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Using version control makes you more confident in making changes that could break something because
of the ability to git checkout a previous version that was created before something was added
that broke the file.  

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Now that my workspace is set up I want to try using Git to keep track of the files I create for the upcoming projects. 